
## Can you provide insights into your problem-solving skills by sharing examples of challenging technical issues you've successfully resolved in your previous roles? 


Generally it’s a matter of looking at constraints to a problem, and then asking whether those constraints are valid. That's where most of the time we get stuck, we have a bunch of constraints that are impossible to overcome. However, if are able to examine the constraints closely, and maybe loosen some of them then the problem becomes tractable (the food example). Short of creative brilliance, we could try to compose a solution together. We could duplicate or replicating some thing n times, or combining other solutions to get a composite (programming problems/puzzles with known solutions). Sometimes there are sub-problems.


## Have you utilized any cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP) in your projects? If so, how did you leverage these platforms to enhance your applications? 


At RBS we used the Cloud to elastically scale our operations and speed up development.


## Could you highlight any experience you have with designing and implementing databases or working with data storage solutions? 


At RBS, we used MongoDB and Redis to handle millions of brand items a day.


## What types of software applications or systems have you contributed to, and what was your role or level of responsibility in those projects? 


Anywhere from desktop applications to massive scale and low latency applications. I had a principal role in all of them.


## Have you worked with any specific software development methodologies, such as Agile or Scrum, and how have you contributed to your team's success in those processes? 


I was in an agile team. I followed the methodology but I tried not to be hamstrung by it.


## Can you provide details about your educational background, including your degree, institution, and any relevant coursework or projects?


I go to Cornell.


## Could you describe your experience with version control systems like Git and any collaborative software development practices you've employed?


 I always use Git these days to version and develop new features for projects. I try to push to Github frequently since I work from up to 3 computers.


## Can you elaborate on the specific programming languages you are proficient in and the projects you've undertaken using them?


 I wrote some modules and drivers for an embedded OS in Rust. I have made a lot of user space apps and programs with Javascript.


## Have you collaborated with cross-functional teams, such as product managers, designers, or quality assurance engineers, to deliver successful software products? Please elaborate. 


We had a designed on our team once but we didn't interact too much. We had QA on our team, and we just had to make sure we accommodated their deadlines and had a test environment setup for them.


## Do you have experience in optimizing code for performance and scalability? If yes, could you provide an example of how you achieved this in a particular project? 


I use Rust for performant code at the language level, and in general languages with lack of GC and too much runtime make it ideal for performance. For web level scalability in general we tended to favor a lot of horizontal scaling of nodes that themselves are not too performant, but we have a lot of them. And that scaling was elastic to respond to demand.


## Have you been involved in the full software development lifecycle, from requirements gathering and design to implementation, testing, and deployment? 


Yes, we had to port an existing legacy application over, but we had a product owner to deal with most of that and communicate with stakeholders. We had some frontend people mostly on the design part, and then QA for testing, and Devops. But that's not to say it was all mutually exclusive, as engineers we did some of a lot of the SDLC to make sure it all fit together with the other functions of the team.


## Are you familiar with continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) practices, and have you implemented them in any of your projects? 


Yes a bit, we had to automate the deployment of like serverless functions once and we had a CI/CD pipeline for it in Azure.


## Can you outline any experience you have with mobile app development, including platforms, frameworks, and tools you've used? 


A little, I've made a few apps like calculators and such on iOS in Swift and XCode, and am making some more apps that I could potentially list for sale on the app stores with OCR and a cloud platform backend like Firebase.


## Have you worked on projects that involve cybersecurity practices or considerations? If so, how did you ensure the security of your software? 


A little, I had to secure a bearer token cache. Secured behind an isolate subnet, don't know too much about the details as I didn't work on it personally but interacted a little with the people that did.


## Are there any open-source contributions, personal coding projects, or relevant hobbies that you believe showcase your passion and skills as a software engineer?


Yes, they are listed on my resume.


## Could you provide details about your proficiency in specific software development tools, such as integrated development environments (IDEs), debugging tools, or code review platforms? 


I use VSCode.


## Are you comfortable working in a remote or distributed team environment, and have you successfully managed your tasks and communication in such settings? 


Yes, I love the flexibility of remote work, and I like to take breaks to think throughout the day.


## Can you share your experience with designing and building user interfaces or user experiences, along with any relevant technologies or frameworks you've used? 


I have not done this much, I've just dabbled a bit in Figma and React.


## How do you stay up-to-date with the latest trends and advancements in the software engineering field, and how do you integrate this knowledge into your work? 


I browse Twitter a lot and follow a lot of technical accounts. There's Hackernews and InfoQ and Youtube (there's this fun content creator called Fireship that makes quick and fun videos) as far as other sites go.

